README.md, before:

# Rails Completions - Sublime Text Plugin

This extension for Sublime Text 2 & 3, adding snippets / autocompletions for Ruby on rails

## Use the Snippets

Start typing the name of the helper you want the hit `Tab` to insert the full completion.

## Model Callbacks

### before

  *  before_create
  *  before_destroy
  *  before_save
  *  before_update
  *  before_validation
  *  before_validation_on_create
  *  before_validation_on_update

### around

  *  around_create
  *  around_save
  *  around_update
  *  around_destroy

### after

  *  after_commit
  *  after_create
  *  after_create_commit
  *  after_destroy
  *  after_destroy_commit
  *  after_rollback
  *  after_save
  *  after_update
  *  after_update_commit
  *  after_validation
  *  after_validation_on_create
  *  after_validation_on_Update

## model associations

  *  belongs_to
  *  has_one
  *  has_many
  *  has_many_through # has_many :through
  *  has_one_through # has_one :through
  *  has_and_belongs_to_many
  *  inverse_of
  *  dependent_destroy # dependent: :destroy
  *  accepts_nested_attributes_for

## model validations

  *  validate
  *  validates
  *  validates_acceptance_of
  *  validates_associated
  *  validates_confirmation_of
  *  validates_each
  *  validates_exclusion_of
  *  validates_format_of
  *  validates_inclusion_of
  *  validates_length_of
  *  validates_numericality_of
  *  validates_presence_of
  *  validates_size_of
  *  validates_uniqueness_of

## controllers callbacks

  *  before_action
  *  skip_before_action
  *  around_action
  *  http_basic_authenticate_with
  *  redirect_to

## render (.rb)

  *  render
  *  render_template
  *  render_partial
  *  render_action
  *  render_action_edit
  *  render_action_show
  *  render_action_index
  *  render_action_update
  *  render_file
  *  render_inline
  *  render_html
  *  render_json
  *  render_js
  *  render_xml
  *  render_body
  *  render_layout
  *  render_status
  *  render_layout

## render (.erb)

  *  render
  *  render_template
  *  render_partial
  *  render_file
  *  render_inline

## migration

  *  add_column
  *  add_foreign_key
  *  add_index
  *  add_reference
  *  add_timestamps
  *  change_column_default
  *  change_column_null
  *  create_join_table
  *  create_table
  *  disable_extension
  *  drop_join_table
  *  drop_table
  *  enable_extension
  *  remove_column
  *  remove_foreign_key
  *  remove_index
  *  remove_reference
  *  remove_timestamps
  *  rename_column
  *  rename_index
  *  rename_table

## file tags (ERB only)

  *  javascript_include_tag
  *  stylesheet_link_tag
  *  image_tag
  *  javascript_pack_tag
  *  stylesheet_pack_tag


## Notes
========

All of RailsCompletions is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2018 Marc Jeffrey <mjeffrey18@gmail.com>

https://github.com/mjeffrey18/rails-completions

Commit message:

Update language in the Readme to be clearer / more helpful

README.md, after:

# Rails Completions - Sublime Text Plugin

This extension is for Sublime Text 2 & 3. It adds helpful snippets and autocompletions for Ruby on Rails

## Use the Snippets

Start typing the name of the helper you want and then hit `Tab` to insert the full completion. This plugin allows fuzzy searching, which allows you to be more efficient when searching for autocompletions.

## Model Callbacks

### before

  *  before_create
  *  before_destroy
  *  before_save
  *  before_update
  *  before_validation
  *  before_validation_on_create
  *  before_validation_on_update

### around

  *  around_create
  *  around_save
  *  around_update
  *  around_destroy

### after

  *  after_commit
  *  after_create
  *  after_create_commit
  *  after_destroy
  *  after_destroy_commit
  *  after_rollback
  *  after_save
  *  after_update
  *  after_update_commit
  *  after_validation
  *  after_validation_on_create
  *  after_validation_on_Update

## model associations

  *  belongs_to
  *  has_one
  *  has_many
  *  has_many_through # has_many :through
  *  has_one_through # has_one :through
  *  has_and_belongs_to_many
  *  inverse_of
  *  dependent_destroy # dependent: :destroy
  *  accepts_nested_attributes_for

## model validations

  *  validate
  *  validates
  *  validates_acceptance_of
  *  validates_associated
  *  validates_confirmation_of
  *  validates_each
  *  validates_exclusion_of
  *  validates_format_of
  *  validates_inclusion_of
  *  validates_length_of
  *  validates_numericality_of
  *  validates_presence_of
  *  validates_size_of
  *  validates_uniqueness_of

## controllers callbacks

  *  before_action
  *  skip_before_action
  *  around_action
  *  http_basic_authenticate_with
  *  redirect_to

## render (.rb)

  *  render
  *  render_template
  *  render_partial
  *  render_action
  *  render_action_edit
  *  render_action_show
  *  render_action_index
  *  render_action_update
  *  render_file
  *  render_inline
  *  render_html
  *  render_json
  *  render_js
  *  render_xml
  *  render_body
  *  render_layout
  *  render_status
  *  render_layout

## render (.erb)

  *  render
  *  render_template
  *  render_partial
  *  render_file
  *  render_inline

## migration

  *  add_column
  *  add_foreign_key
  *  add_index
  *  add_reference
  *  add_timestamps
  *  change_column_default
  *  change_column_null
  *  create_join_table
  *  create_table
  *  disable_extension
  *  drop_join_table
  *  drop_table
  *  enable_extension
  *  remove_column
  *  remove_foreign_key
  *  remove_index
  *  remove_reference
  *  remove_timestamps
  *  rename_column
  *  rename_index
  *  rename_table

## file tags (ERB only)

  *  javascript_include_tag
  *  stylesheet_link_tag
  *  image_tag
  *  javascript_pack_tag
  *  stylesheet_pack_tag


## Notes
========

All of RailsCompletions is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2018 Marc Jeffrey <mjeffrey18@gmail.com>

https://github.com/mjeffrey18/rails-completions
